from:The wonderful wizard of oz by Frank Baum, 13 The Rescue
addr:http://www.24en.com/novel/children/the-wonderful-wizard-of-oz/3232.html

name:battered, bent
usage:They traveled that day and part of the next until they came to the rocky plain where the Tin Woodman lay, all battered and bent. His axe was near him, but the blade was rusted and the handle broken off short.

name:plight, sober
usage:The Winkies lifted him tenderly in their arms, and carried him back to the Yellow Castle again, Dorothy shedding a few tears by the way at the sad plight of her old friend, and the Lion looking sober and sorry. 

name:dent, solder
usage:Can you straighten out those dents in the Tin Woodman, and bend him back into shape again, and solder him together where he is broken?

name:burnished
usage:Others polished the blade until all the rust was removed and it glistened like burnished silver.

name:stud, inlaid
usage:Finding they were determined to go, the Winkies gave Toto and the Lion each a golden collar; and to Dorothy they presented a beautiful bracelet studded with diamonds; and to the Scarecrow they gave a gold-headed walking stick, to keep him from stumbling; and to the Tin Woodman they offered a silver oil-can, inlaid with gold and set with precious jewels.

name:sunbonnet
usage:She did not know anything about the charm of the Golden Cap, but she saw that it was pretty, so she made up her mind to wear it and carry her sunbonnet in the basket.

from:The wonderful wizard of oz by Frank Baum, 13 The winged Monkeys
name:mischief, plague
usage:"It is written inside the Golden Cap," replied the Queen of the Mice. "But if you are going to call the Winged Monkeys we must run away, for they are full of mischief and think it great fun to plague us."

from:The wonderful wizard of oz by Frank Baum, 14 The Discovery of Oz, the Terrible
name:wearing, vex
usage:The waiting was tiresome and wearing, and at last they grew vexed that Oz should treat them in so poor a fashion, after sending them to undergo hardships and slavery. 

name:rear
usage:He led the way to a small chamber in the rear of the Throne Room, and they all followed him. He pointed to one corner, in which lay the great Head, made out of many thicknesses of paper, and with a carefully painted face.

name:slat
usage: He showed the Scarecrow the dress and the mask he had worn when he seemed to be the lovely Lady. And the Tin Woodman saw that his terrible Beast was nothing but a lot of skins, sewn together, with slats to keep their sides out.

name:ventriloquist, imitate, prick, balloonist
usage:"When I grew up I became a ventriloquist, and at that I was very well trained by a great master. I can imitate any kind of a bird or beast." Here he mewed so like a kitten that Toto pricked up his ears and looked everywhere to see where she was. "After a time," continued Oz, "I tired of that, and became a balloonist."

name:abound
usage:. But my people have worn green glasses on their eyes so long that most of them think it really is an Emerald City, and it certainly is a beautiful place, abounding in jewels and precious metals, and every good thing that is needed to make one happy. 

from:The wonderful wizard of oz by Frank Baum, 16 The Magic Art of the Great Humbug
name:rap
usage:Then he said good-bye to them all in a cheerful voice and went to the Throne Room, where he rapped upon the door.

name:bran
usage:So the Wizard unfastened his head and emptied out the straw. Then he entered the back room and took up a measure of bran, which he mixed with a great many pins and needles.

name:bulge
usage:Dorothy looked at him curiously. His head was quite bulged out at the top with brains.

name:shear, sawdust
usage:So Oz brought a pair of tinsmith's shears and cut a small, square hole in the left side of the Tin Woodman's breast. Then, going to a chest of drawers, he took out a pretty heart, made entirely of silk and stuffed with sawdust.

from:The wonderful wizard of oz by Frank Baum, 17 
name:rattle
usage:When the Tin Woodman walked about he felt his heart rattling around in his breast; and he told Dorothy he had discovered it to be a kinder and more tender heart than the one he had owned when he was made of flesh.

name:faintest, notion
usage:"Well, I'm not sure about Kansas," said Oz, "for I haven't the faintest notion which way it lies. But the first thing to do is to cross the desert, and then it should be easy to find your way home."

name:vex
usage: If I should go out of this Palace my people would soon discover I am not a Wizard, and then they would be vexed with me for having deceived them.

name:greet
usage:On the fourth day, to her great joy, Oz sent for her, and when she entered the Throne Room he greeted her pleasantly

name:tug
usage:The balloon was by this time tugging hard at the rope that held it to the ground, for the air within it was hot, and this made it so much lighter in weight than the air without that it pulled hard to rise into the sky.

from:The wonderful wizard of oz by Frank Baum, 18 Away to the south
name:mourn
usage:"Truly I should be ungrateful if I failed to mourn for the man who gave me my lovely heart. I should like to cry a little because Oz is gone, if you will kindly wipe away my tears, so that I shall not rust."

from:The wonderful wizard of oz by Frank Baum, 19 Attacked by the fighting tree
name:brisk
usage:"City life does not agree with me at all," remarked the Lion, as they walked along at a brisk pace. "I have lost much flesh since I lived there, and now I am anxious for a chance to show the other beasts how courageous I have grown."

name:steeple, spire
usage:They now turned and took a last look at the Emerald City. All they could see was a mass of towers and steeples behind the green walls, and high up above everything the spires and dome of the Palace of Oz.

name:twine, fling, headlong
usage:So he walked forward to the tree, but just as he came under the first branches they bent down and twined around him, and the next minute he was raised from the ground and flung headlong among his fellow travelers.

name:dizzy
usage:This did not hurt the Scarecrow, but it surprised him, and he looked rather dizzy when Dorothy picked him up.

name:march
usage:"I believe I will try it myself," said the Woodman, and shouldering his axe, he marched up to the first tree that had handled the Scarecrow so roughly.

name:howle
usage:They all ran forward and passed under the tree without injury, except Toto, who was caught by a small branch and shaken until he howled. But the Woodman promptly chopped off the branch and set the little dog free.


from:The wonderful wizard of oz by Frank Baum, 20 The Dainty China Country

name:platter
usage:Before them was a great stretch of country having a floor as smooth and shining and white as the bottom of a big platter. Scattered around were many houses made entirely of china and painted in the brightest colors.

name:milkmaid, shepherdess, gown, frock, breech, buckle
usage:But the strangest of all were the people who lived in this queer country. There were milkmaids and shepherdesses, with brightly colored bodices and golden spots all over their gowns; and princesses with most gorgeous frocks of silver and gold and purple; and shepherds dressed in knee breeches with pink and yellow and blue stripes down them, and golden buckles on their shoes;

name:ermine, robe, doublet, ruffle
usage:and princes with jeweled crowns upon their heads, wearing ermine robes and satin doublets; and funny clowns in ruffled gowns, with round red spots upon their cheeks and tall, pointed caps. 

name:pat
usage:When all were safely down they picked up the Scarecrow, whose body was quite flattened out, and patted his straw into shape again.

name:stool, pail, clatter
usage:They began walking through the country of the china people, and the first thing they came to was a china milkmaid milking a china cow. As they drew near, the cow suddenly gave a kick and kicked over the stool, the pail, and even the milkmaid herself, and all fell on the china ground with a great clatter.

name:nick, elbow
usage:Dorothy was shocked to see that the cow had broken her leg off, and that the pail was lying in several small pieces, while the poor milkmaid had a nick in her left elbow.

name:sulkily, limp
usage: She picked up the leg sulkily and led her cow away, the poor animal limping on three legs. As she left them the milkmaid cast many reproachful glances over her shoulder at the clumsy strangers, holding her nicked elbow close to her side.

name:jolly, crack
usage:Indeed, a jolly little clown came walking toward them, and Dorothy could see that in spite of his pretty clothes of red and yellow and green he was completely covered with cracks, running every which way and showing plainly that he had been mended in many places.

name:puff, saucily
usage:The Clown put his hands in his pockets, and after puffing out his cheeks and nodding his head at them saucily,

name:stiff, prim, poker
usage:"My lady fair, Why do you stare At poor old Mr. Joker? You're quite as stiff And prim. as if You'd eaten up a poker!"

name: mantel
usage: Of course that is all that is expected of us when we are on mantels and cabinets and drawing-room tables, but our lives are much pleasanter here in our own country.

name:scamper
usage:The little animals and all the people scampered out of their way, fearing the strangers would break them, and after an hour or so the travelers reached the other side of the country and came to another china wall.

name:scramble, upset
usage:It was not so high as the first, however, and by standing upon the Lion's back they all managed to scramble to the top. Then the Lion gathered his legs under him and jumped on the wall; but just as he jumped, he upset a china church with his tail and smashed it all to pieces.


from:The wonderful wizard of oz by Frank Baum, 21 The lion becames the king of beasts
name:bog, marsh
usage:After climbing down from the china wall the travelers found themselves in a disagreeable country, full of bogs and marshes and covered with tall, rank grass. 

name:moss, cling
usage:See how soft the dried leaves are under your feet and how rich and green the moss is that clings to these old trees. Surely no wild beast could wish a pleasanter home.

name:rumble, growle
usage:When morning came, they started again. Before they had gone far they heard a low rumble, as of the growling of many wild animals.

name:whimper, tread
usage:Toto whimpered a little, but none of the others was frightened, and they kept along the well-trodden path until they came to an opening in the wood, in which were gathered hundreds of beasts of every variety. 

name:snarl
usage:But the Lion explained that the animals were holding a meeting, and he judged by their snarling and growling that they were in great trouble.

name:assemblage, hush
usage:As he spoke several of the beasts caught sight of him, and at once the great assemblage hushed as if by magic.

name:foe
usage:The great spider was lying asleep when the Lion found him, and it looked so ugly that its foe turned up his nose in disgust. 

name:coarse
usage:Its legs were quite as long as the tiger had said, and its body covered with coarse black hair.

name:pudgy
usage: but its head was joined to the pudgy body by a neck as slender as a wasp's waist. 

name:wiggle
usage:Jumping down, he watched it until the long legs stopped wiggling, when he knew it was quite dead.


from:The wonderful wizard of oz by Frank Baum, 22 The country of the quadlings
tumbling,chorus,boisterous,bruised,sore,chubby

name:tumble
usage:As quick as lightning the man's head shot forward and his neck stretched out until the top of the head, where it was flat, struck the Scarecrow in the middle and sent him tumbling, over and over, down the hill.

name:chorus, boisterous
usage:A chorus of boisterous laughter came from the other rocks, and Dorothy saw hundreds of the armless Hammer-Heads upon the hillside, one behind every rock.

name:bruise, sore
usage:Dorothy ran down and helped the Scarecrow to his feet, and the Lion came up to her, feeling rather bruised and sore, and said, "It is useless to fight people with shooting heads; no one can withstand them."

name:chubby
usage:The Quadlings themselves, who were short and fat and looked chubby and good-natured, were dressed all in red, which showed bright against the green grass and the yellowing grain.

from:The wonderful wizard of oz by Frank Baum, 23 Glinda the good witch grants Dorothy
name:presentable
usage:When they were all quite presentable they followed the soldier girl into a big room where the Witch Glinda sat upon a throne of rubies.

name:ringlet
usage:Her hair was a rich red in color and fell in flowing ringlets over her shoulders. Her dress was pure white but her eyes were blue, and they looked kindly upon the little girl.

name:shaggy
usage:Then the Witch looked at the big, shaggy Lion and asked, "When Dorothy has returned to her own home, what will become of you?"

name:prairie, cyclone
usage:For she was sitting on the broad Kansas prairie, and just before her was the new farmhouse Uncle Henry built after the cyclone had carried away the old one. 

from:The wonderful wizard of oz by Frank Baum, 1 The Cyclone
name:garret
usage:There was no garret at all, and no cellar--except a small hole dug in the ground, called a cyclone cellar, where the family could go in case one of those great whirlwinds arose, mighty enough to crush any building in its path.

name:blister
usage:Once the house had been painted, but the sun blistered the paint and the rains washed it away, and now the house was as dull and gray as everything else.

name:sparkle, gaunt
usage:They had taken the sparkle from her eyes and left them a sober gray; they had taken the red from her cheeks and lips, and they were gray also. She was thin and gaunt, and never smiled now.

name:stern, solemn
usage:Uncle Henry never laughed. He worked hard from morning till night and did not know what joy was. He was gray also, from his long beard to his rough boots, and he looked stern and solemn, and rarely spoke.

name:ripple
usage:There now came a sharp whistling in the air from the south, and as they turned their eyes that way they saw ripples in the grass coming from that direction also.

name:shriek
usage:When she was halfway across the room there came a great shriek from the wind, and the house shook so hard that she lost her footing and sat down suddenly upon the floor.

name:whirl, tip, cradle
usage: After the first few whirls around, and one other time when the house tipped badly, she felt as if she were being rocked gently, like a baby in a cradle.

from:The wonderful wizard of oz by Frank Baum, 2 The council with the Munchins
name:jar, whine, dismally
usage:As it was, the jar made her catch her breath and wonder what had happened; and Toto put his cold little nose into her face and whined dismally. 

name:greensward, stately, luscious, plumage, flutter
usage: There were lovely patches of greensward all about, with stately trees bearing rich and luscious fruits. Banks of gorgeous flowers were on every hand, and birds with rare and brilliant plumage sang and fluttered in the trees and bushes.

name:pleat, sprinkle, glisten
usage:The hats of the men were blue; the little woman's hat was white, and she wore a white gown that hung in pleats from her shoulders. Over it were sprinkled little stars that glistened in the sun like diamonds.

name:bondage
usage:We are so grateful to you for having killed the Wicked Witch of the East, and for setting our people free from bondage.

name:clasp
usage:"Oh, dear! Oh, dear!" cried Dorothy, clasping her hands together in dismay. "The house must have fallen on her. Whatever shall we do?"

name:sob
usage:Dorothy began to sob at this, for she felt lonely among all these strange people.

from:The wonderful wizard of oz by Frank Baum, 3 How Dorothy saved the scarecrow
name:peg
usage:Dorothy had only one other dress, but that happened to be clean and was hanging on a peg beside her bed.

name:trot
usage: And so, with Toto trotting along soberly behind her, she started on her journey.

name:tinkle
usage:Within a short time she was walking briskly toward the Emerald City, her silver shoes tinkling merrily on the hard, yellow road-bed.

name:dainty
usage:There were neat fences at the sides of the road, painted a dainty blue color, and beyond them were fields of grain and vegetables in abundance.

name:fiddler
usage:Five little fiddlers played as loudly as possible, and the people were laughing and singing, while a big table near by was loaded with delicious fruits and nuts, pies and cakes, and many other good things to eat.

name:stalk
usage: On the feet were some old boots with blue tops, such as every man wore in this country, and the figure was raised above the stalks of corn by means of the pole stuck up its back.

name:husky
usage:"Good day," said the Scarecrow, in a rather husky voice.

from:The wonderful wizard of oz by Frank Baum, 4 The Road Through the Forest
name: stumble
usage:AFTER A FEW HOURS the road began to be rough, and the walking grew so difficult that the Scarecrow often stumbled over the yellow bricks, which were here very uneven. 

name:mishap
usage:It never hurt him, however, and Dorothy would pick him up and set him upon his feet again, while he joined her in laughing merrily at his own mishap.

name: dismal, lonesome
usage: There were fewer houses and fewer fruit trees, and the farther they went the more dismal and lonesome the country became.

name: brook
usage:At noon they sat down by the roadside, near a little brook, and Dorothy opened her basket and got out some bread.

name: dreary
usage:"No matter how dreary and gray our homes are, we people of flesh and blood would rather live there than in any other country, be it ever so beautiful. There is no place like home."

name:hop, flock
usage:Then he hopped down at my feet and ate all the corn he wanted. The other birds, seeing he was not harmed by me, came to eat the corn too, so in a short time there was a great flock of them about me.

name:stake
usage:By good luck you came along and pulled me off the stake, and from what you say I am sure the Great Oz will give me brains as soon as we get to the Emerald City.

name:until
usage:There were no fences at all by the roadside now, and the land was rough and untilled.

from:The wonderful wizard of oz by Frank Baum, 5 The Rescue of the Tin Woodman
name:stir
usage:His head and arms and legs were jointed upon his body, but he stood perfectly motionless, as if he could not stir at all.

name:snap
usage:Dorothy looked at him in amazement, and so did the Scarecrow, while Toto barked sharply and made a snap at the tin legs, which hurt his teeth.

name:enchant, daunt
usage: After this the enchanted axe cut off my arms, one after the other; but, nothing daunted, I had them replaced with tin ones.

name:rainstorm
usage:However, there came a day when I forgot to do this, and, being caught in a rainstorm, before I thought of the danger my joints had rusted, and I was left to stand in the woods until you came to help me.

from:The wonderful wizard of oz by Frank Baum, 6 The Cowardly Lion
name:heedless, slap
usage:Little Toto, now that he had an enemy to face, ran barking toward the Lion, and the great beast had opened his mouth to bite the dog, when Dorothy, fearing Toto would be killed, and heedless of danger, rushed forward and slapped the Lion upon his nose as hard as she could, while she cried out:

name:blunt, scratch
usage:"That's why he nearly blunted my claws," said the Lion. "When they scratched against the tin it made a cold shiver run down my back. What is that little animal you are so tender of?"

name:stride
usage:So once more the little company set off upon the journey, the Lion walking with stately strides at Dorothy's side. 

name:mar
usage:During the rest of that day there was no other adventure to mar the peace of their journey.

name:hinge
usage:These tears ran slowly down his face and over the hinges of his jaw, and there they rusted.

name:toil
usage:Thereafter he walked very carefully, with his eyes on the road, and when he saw a tiny ant toiling by he would step over it, so as not to harm it. 

from:The wonderful wizard of oz by Frank Baum, 7 The Journey to the Great Oz
name:snug
usage:So he kept a good distance away from the flames, and only came near to cover Dorothy with dry leaves when she lay down to sleep. These kept her very snug and warm, and she slept soundly until morning.

name:ditch, jagged
usage:It was a very wide ditch, and when they crept up to the edge and looked into it they could see it was also very deep, and there were many big, jagged rocks at the bottom. The sides were so steep that none of them could climb down, and for a moment it seemed that their journey must end.

name:gulf, dent
usage:"I will," declared the Scarecrow, "for, if you found that you could not jump over the gulf, Dorothy would be killed, or the Tin Woodman badly dented on the rocks below. But if I am on your back it will not matter so much, for the fall would not hurt me at all."

name:crouch
usage:The Scarecrow sat upon the Lion's back, and the big beast walked to the edge of the gulf and crouched down.

name:pant
usage:and then they all sat down for a few moments to give the beast a chance to rest, for his great leaps had made his breath short, and he panted like a big dog that has been running too long.

name:snarling
usage: The Tin Woodman began to use his axe at once, and, just as the two Kalidahs were nearly across, the tree fell with a crash into the gulf, carrying the ugly, snarling brutes with it, and both were dashed to pieces on the sharp rocks at the bottom.

name: meadow
usage: On the other side of the water they could see the road of yellow brick running through a beautiful country, with green meadows dotted with bright flowers and all the road bordered with trees hanging full of delicious fruits.

from:The wonderful wizard of oz by Frank Baum, 8 The Deadly Poppy Field
name: beckon
usage: Behind them was the dark forest they had passed safely through, although they had suffered many discouragements; but before them was a lovely, sunny country that seemed to beckon them on to the Emerald City.

name:cling
usage:Then, before he could pull it out again--or let go--the raft was swept away, and the poor Scarecrow was left clinging to the pole in the middle of the river.

name:wistfully, stork
usage:The Lion and the Woodman both shook their heads, for they did not know. So they sat down upon the bank and gazed wistfully at the Scarecrow until a Stork flew by, who, upon seeing them, stopped to rest at the water's edge.

name:gay
usage:When the Scarecrow found himself among his friends again, he was so happy that he hugged them all, even the Lion and Toto; and as they walked along he sang "Tol-de-ri-de-oh!" at every step, he felt so gay.

name:poppy, dazzle
usage:There were big yellow and white and blue and purple blossoms, besides great clusters of scarlet poppies, which were so brilliant in color they almost dazzled Dorothy's eyes.

from:The wonderful wizard of oz by Frank Baum, 9 The Queen of the Field Mice
name:clump
usage:At this the Queen of the Mice stuck her head out from underneath a clump of grass and asked, in a timid voice, "Are you sure he will not bite us?"

name:truck, limb
usage:So the Woodman went at once to the trees and began to work; and he soon made a truck out of the limbs of trees, from which he chopped away all the leaves and branches.

name:curtsy
usage:"Permit me to introduce to you her Majesty, the Queen." Dorothy nodded gravely and the Queen made a curtsy, after which she became quite friendly with the little girl. 

name:harness
usage:Of course the truck was a thousand times bigger than any of the mice who were to draw it; but when all the mice had been harnessed, they were able to pull it quite easily. 

name: scamper
usage:Then the mice were unharnessed from the truck and scampered away through the grass to their homes. 

from:The wonderful wizard of oz by Frank Baum, 10 The Guardian of the Gate
name: emerald, peaked
usage:The people were all dressed in clothing of a lovely emerald-green color and wore peaked hats like those of the Munchkins.

name:porridge, scrambled
usage:The woman now called to them that supper was ready, so they gathered around the table and Dorothy ate some delicious porridge and a dish of scrambled eggs and a plate of nice white bread, and enjoyed her meal.

name:stud, glitter
usage:In front of them, and at the end of the road of yellow brick, was a big gate, all studded with emeralds that glittered so in the sun that even the painted eyes of the Scarecrow were dazzled by their brilliancy.

name: perplexity
usage:"It has been many years since anyone asked me to see Oz," he said, shaking his head in perplexity. 

name:errand
usage:"But it is not a foolish errand, nor an idle one," replied the Scarecrow; "it is important. And we have been told that Oz is a good Wizard."

from:The wonderful wizard of oz by Frank Baum, 11 The Wonderful City of Oz
name:pane
usage:The window panes were of green glass; even the sky above the City had a green tint, and the rays of the sun were green.

name:cart
usage:There seemed to be no horses nor animals of any kind; the men carried things around in little green carts, which they pushed before them.

name:counterpane
usage:It was the sweetest little room in the world, with a soft comfortable bed that had sheets of green silk and a green velvet counterpane. 

name: brocaded
usage:The next morning, after breakfast, the green maiden came to fetch Dorothy, and she dressed her in one of the prettiest gowns, made of green brocaded satin.

name: gauze
usage: She was dressed in green silk gauze and wore upon her flowing green locks a crown of jewels.

name: bestow
usage: If you will kill for me the Wicked Witch of the West, I will bestow upon you a great many brains, and such good brains that you will be the wisest man in all the Land of Oz.

name: gruffly
usage:Oz gave a low growl at this, but said, gruffly: "If you indeed desire a heart, you must earn it."

name: cackling
usage:They went to bed quite early and slept soundly until daylight, when they were awakened by the crowing of a green cock that lived in the back yard of the Palace, and the cackling of a hen that had laid a green egg.

from:The wonderful wizard of oz by Frank Baum, 12 The Search for the Wicked Witch
name: daisy, buttercup
usage:They thanked him and bade him good-bye, and turned toward the West, walking over fields of soft grass dotted here and there with daisies and buttercups

name: ribbon
usage: The ribbon around Toto's neck had also lost its green color and was as white as Dorothy's dress.

name:peck
phrase:peck out
usage:And the Wicked Witch said to the King Crow, "Fly at once to the strangers; peck out their eyes and tear them to pieces."

name:forthwith, buzz, swarm
usage:Forthwith there was heard a great buzzing in the air, and a swarm of black bees came flying toward her.

name:scatter
usage:"Take out my straw and scatter it over the little girl and the dog and the Lion," he said to the Woodman, "and the bees cannot sting them." This the Woodman did, and as Dorothy lay close beside the Lion and held Toto in her arms, the straw covered them entirely.

name:stamp, gnash
usage:The Wicked Witch was so angry when she saw her black bees in little heaps like fine coal that she stamped her foot and tore her hair and gnashed her teeth. 

name:strap
usage: When they returned to the castle the Wicked Witch beat them well with a strap, and sent them back to their work, after which she sat down to think what she should do next.

name:batter
usage:Here they dropped the poor Woodman, who fell a great distance to the rocks, where he lay so battered and dented that he could neither move nor groan.

name:stout, coil
usage:The remaining Monkeys threw pieces of stout rope around the Lion and wound many coils about his body and head and legs, until he was unable to bite or scratch or struggle in any way. 

name:grin
usage:The leader of the Winged Monkeys flew up to her, his long, hairy arms stretched out and his ugly face grinning terribly; but he saw the mark of the Good Witch's kiss upon her forehead and stopped short, motioning the others not to touch her.

name:bid
usage:Dorothy followed her through many of the beautiful rooms in her castle until they came to the kitchen, where the Witch bade her clean the pots and kettles and sweep the floor and keep the fire fed with wood.

name:chariot
usage:With Dorothy hard at work, the Witch thought she would go into the courtyard and harness the Cowardly Lion like a horse; it would amuse her, she was sure, to make him draw her chariot whenever she wished to go to drive. 

name:cunning
usage:But the wicked creature was very cunning, and she finally thought of a trick that would give her what she wanted.




