from:The Ring (Coiling Dragon), Chapter 1 – Early Morning at a Township

name:veneration
usage:In their hearts, they were filled with veneration towards Hillman. Hillman, a mighty warrior of the sixth rank, a warrior birthed from life and death struggles!

name:stance
usage:Assume the ‘Qi Building Stance’. When assuming this stance, remember – ‘Focus your concentration, maintain a calm mind, and breath naturally.’” Hillman coldly instructed.
related:posture
  
name:stride into
usage:Hillman strode into the midst of the children. Staring at them, his face was cold, but in his heart, he was sighing. 

name:ardent
usage:Seeing the ardent gazes of the children, Hillman couldn’t help but let a slight smile escape. He wanted to stir up a feeling of worshipfulness in the children, a desire to be like him. That way, they would work harder and be more motivated!

name:grin 
usage:“Let’s add some more fuel to the fire!” Hillman secretly grinned, then walked in front of a giant boulder, which weighed three or four hundred pounds.

name:brandish
usage:With one hand, Hillman grabbed the boulder. In a very relaxed manner, he began brandishing it about. That three hundred pound boulder, in Hillman’s hands, seemed to be as light as wood.

name:toss
usage:And that three or four hundred pound boulder was so easily tossed with a flick of the arm. What sort of power was this?

name:smite(smote)
usage:It smote the ground next to a large tree, and the entire ground trembled. Hillman casually walked in front of some random stones.

name:bluish 
Hillman breathed deeply. All of the veins on his muscular body popped out prominently, as Hillman directly struck at a nearby bluish boulder. 

name:shatter
usage:That huge bluestone boulder was shattered by a single blow from his fist. What sort of power was this?

name:wobble
usage:After a while, the six and seven year olds began to wobble. All of the kids felt that their legs were cramping fiercely, but they gritted their teeth. 
tip: 过去式 wobbled 过去分词 wobbled 现在分词 wobbling

name:grit
usage:Linley gritted his teeth. He could clearly feel that the tightness in his waist had already reached the limits of his endurance, to the point where it was almost going numb.

name:callous
usage:Hillman’s face was cold and callous, but in his heart, he secretly nodded. He was still very satisfied with the performance of these six and seven year olds.

name:clench
usage: His lips tightened, the boy stared determinedly in front, both fists tightly clenched so hard that his fists were white.

name:canine
usage:Linley cracked a smile, revealing his small canines. “I’m fine, Uncle Hillman.” As captain of the Baruch clan’s guardsmen, Hillman had watched Linley grow up. Naturally, the two of them were very close.

name:pat
usage:“Well done. You acted like a man.” Hillman patted Linley on the head. 

name:tousle
usage: Immediately, the hair on Linley’s head became tousled like windblown grass.

name:thigh
usage:After practicing the ‘Qi Building Stance’, the waist, back, thighs, shoulders, and other parts of the body would be harmonized. 

name:nucleus
usage:This area is a person’s nucleus. Speed and power all come from this triangular nucleus, making this region extremely important.

name:devilish
usage:The Captain is always filled with so many devilish ideas. Those punks are really gonna get it now.

name:punk
usage:The Captain is always filled with so many devilish ideas. Those punks are really gonna get it now.

name:navel
usage:Let me tell you all, when a warrior practices his battle qi, the battle qi is stored in a fist-sized location directly beneath the navel. 

name:paramount
usage:A good instructor is of paramount importance to the children.

name:prop
usage:Linley could finally hold out no longer, but he still used his arms to prop himself on the ground as he slowly rolled off.

name:crinkle
usage:“That feels good!” Linley could feel that his waist felt a numbness which pierced through to the bone, so comfortable that his eyes crinkled slightly.

name:impart
usage:Hillman imparted many important bits of advice to the children.

name:etch
usage:Hillman continued to impart these experiences, like the spring wind imparting life-giving rain, deeply etching these important experiences in the minds of these children.

name:regulate
usage:Wushan town’s training regimes were regulated. Every day, it happened twice, once at dawn, and once at dusk.

name:perk
usage:“The legendary Four Supreme Warriors?” Linley’s ears couldn’t help but perk up as well, as he stared unblinkingly at Hillman.

name:thump
usage:Linley, sitting on the ground, felt his heart thump furiously.

name:wander
usage: They could wander amidst an army of millions at leisure, and easily take the head of any general! 

name:surpass
usage: I believe that Wushan town will become the strongest town in our region, surpassing the other ten or so towns

name:pinnacle
usage: They have surpassed the ninth rank warriors and can be considered the pinnacle of warriors. 

name:stun
usage:After a short period of time, the stunned children returned to their homes. 

name:circumference
usage:They all immediately nodded. Wushan was over a thousand meters high, and thousands of meters in circumference. 
related:perimeter

name:reminisce
usage:On the continent, virtually all of the children of commoners had to train hard from an early age. Seeing the kids, Roger and Lorry reminisced back to their own youth.

name:maestro
usage:“Although I’m not clear about the exact strength of the Four Supreme Warriors, I know this – a Saint-level mage maestro, which is to say a mage which has attained the Saint-level, can execute forbidden magical techniques and eradicate an entire army of tens of thousands, or an entire city.

name:eradicate
usage:“Although I’m not clear about the exact strength of the Four Supreme Warriors, I know this – a Saint-level mage maestro, which is to say a mage which has attained the Saint-level, can execute forbidden magical techniques and eradicate an entire army of tens of thousands, or an entire city.

name:bidding
usage:Bidding farewell to his good friend Hadley, Linley went back, alone, to his home. 
phrase:bidding farewell

name:afloat
usage:But despite these measures, by this period in time, Linley’s father, Hogg Baruch, still needed to sell off family possessions in order to keep the family afloat.

name:manor
usage: The rest of the manor would no longer be maintained. That way, a great deal of money could be saved.

name:mimic
usage:“My lord father always told me, if you want to become a man without peer, then you must work harder than other men.” Linley unconsciously mimicked his father’s manner of speech.


