from: 新概念英语第三册lesson 36 A chance in a million
name: credulous
usage: We are less credulous than we used to be.

name: obscure
usage:Readers happily accepted the fact that an obscure maidservant was really the hero's mother.

name: presume
usage:A long-lost brother, who was presumed dead, was really alive all the time and wickedly plotting to bring about the hero's downfall.

name: plot
usage:A long-lost brother, who was presumed dead, was really alive all the time and wickedly plotting to bring about the hero's downfall.

name: conspire
usage:Yet, in real life, circumstances do sometimes conspire to bring about coincidences which anyone but a nineteenth century novelist would find incredible.

name:resemblance
usage:After they had gone on, Mrs. Bussman commented on the workman's close resemblance to her husband and even suggested that he might be his brother.

name:scorn
usage:Franz poured scorn on the idea, pointing out that his brother had been killed in action during the war.

name:acquaint
usage:Though Mrs. Busssman fully acquainted with this story, she thought that there was a chance in a million that she might be right.

from:新概念英语第三册lesson 37 The Westhaven Express
name:dislocate
usage:Only an exceptionally heavy snowfall might temporarily dislocate railway services.

name:asterisk
usage: A tiny asterisk conducted me to a footnote at the bottom of the page.

name:dawdle
meaning_zh: v. 慢吞吞地动或做
usage:But when the train dawdled at station after station, I began to wonder, It suddenly dawned on me that this express was not roaring down the line at ninety miles an hour, but barely chugging along at thirty.

name:chug
meaning_zh: v. 咔嚓咔嚓地响
usage:But when the train dawdled at station after station, I began to wonder, It suddenly dawned on me that this express was not roaring down the line at ninety miles an hour, but barely chugging along at thirty.

name:lodge
usage:I determined to lodge a complaint as soon as we arrived.

from:新概念英语第三册lesson 38 The first calender
name: deduce
usage: He has to deduce what he can from the few scanty clues available.

name:assumption
usage:Recent scientific evidence seems to indicate that this assumption is incorrect.

name:engrave
usage:Historians have long been puzzled by dots, lines and symbols which have been engraved on walls, bones, and the ivory tusks of mammoths

name: nomad
usage:The nomads who made these markings lived by hunting and fishing during the last Ice Age which began about 35,000 B.C. and ended about 10,000 B.C. 

name:correlate
usage: By correlating markings made in various parts of the world, historians have been able to read this difficult code.

name:advent
usage:Up to now, historians have assumed that calendars came into being with the advent of agriculture, for then man was faced with a real need to understand something about the seasons.

name:phase
usage:They have found that it is connected with the passage of days and the phases of the moon. 

name:shed
usage:Even seemingly insignificant remains can shed interesting light on the history of early man.

from:新概念英语第三册lesson 35 Justice was done
name:arduous
usage:Those who seek it undertake an arduous journey and can never be sure that they will find it. 

name:machinery
usage:Justice is part of the complex machinery of the law.

name:interference
usage:Reward or punishment are meted out quite independent of human interference.

name:premises
meaning_zh: n. 房屋
usage:When a thief was caught on the premises of large jewellery store on morning, the shop assistants must have found it impossible to resist the temptation to say 'it serves him right.'

name:promptly
usage:As the cry was repeated several times, she ran to tell the manager who promptly rang up the fire brigade.

name:chimney
usage:They located the right chimney by tapping at the walls and listening for the man's cries. 

name:chip
usage:After chipping through a wall which was eighteen inches thick, they found that a man had been trapped in the chimney.
related:chop

name:muffle
usage:

from:新概念英语第三册lesson 49:The ideal servant
name:rambling
usage:She had a huge, rambling country house called 'The Gables'.

name: sentimentally
usage: She was sentimentally attached to this house, for even though it was far too big for her needs, she persisted in living there long after her husband's death.

name: lavishly
usage:Before she grew old, Aunt Harriet used to entertain lavishly.

name:immaculate
usage: No matter how many guests were present, the great house was always immaculate.

name:parquet
usage:The parquet floors shone like mirrors; highly polished silver was displayed in gleaming glass cabinets;

name:gleam
usage:The parquet floors shone like mirrors; highly polished silver was displayed in gleaming glass cabinets;

name:preside
usage:Aunt Harriet presided over an invisible army of servants that continuously scrubbed, cleaned, and polished.

name:scrub
usage:Aunt Harriet presided over an invisible army of servants that continuously scrubbed, cleaned, and polished.

name:fickleness
usage:While she always criticized the fickleness of human nature, she carried on an unrelenting search for the ideal servant to the end of her days, even after she had been sadly disillusioned by Bessie.

name:disillusion
usage:she carried on an unrelenting search for the ideal servant to the end of her days, even after she had been sadly disillusioned by Bessie.

name:unrelenting
usage:While she always criticized the fickleness of human nature, she carried on an unrelenting search for the ideal servant to the end of her days, even after she had been sadly disillusioned by Bessie.

name:enlightened
usage: Though my aunt pursued what was, in those days, an enlightened policy, in that she never allowed her domestic staff to work more than eight hours a day, she was extremely difficult to please. 

name: industriousness
usage:Aunt Harriet could not find words to praise Bessie's industriousness and efficiency. 

name: mumble
usage: She bumped into the furniture and kept mumbling about the guests.

name: trip
usage:When she came in with the last course -- a huge pudding -- she tripped on the carpet and the pudding went flying through the air,

name:mirth
usage:Though this caused great mirth among the guests, Aunt Harriet was horrified.

name:reluctantly
usage:She reluctantly came to the conclusion that Bessie was drunk. 

name:departure
usage:After her departure, Aunt Harriet discovered that there were piles of empty wine bottles of all shapes and sizes neatly stacked in what had once been Bessie's wardrobe.

from: 新概念英语第三册lesson 40: Who's who
name: indulge
usage:Inviting the fire brigade to put out a nonexistent fire is a crude form of deception which no self-respecting student would ever indulge in.

name: pneumatic
usage: he immediately telephoned the police and informed them that two students dressed up as workmen were tearing up the road with a pneumatic drill.

name: archway
meaning_zh: n. 拱形门楼
usage:The student did in an archway nearby where he could watch and hear everything that went on.

name: remonstrate
usage: Shortly afterwards, four more policemen arrived and remonstrated with the workmen.

from: 新概念英语第三册lesson 42 Modern cavemen
name:solitude
usage:Perhaps it is the desire for solitude or the chance of making an unexpected discovery that lures people down to the depths of the earth. 

name:arouse
usage:They arouse instincts which can only be dimly understood.

name:rig
usage:It can take as long as eight days to rig up rope ladders and to establish supply bases before a descent can be made into a very deep cave.
phrase:rig up

name:precaution
usage:Precautions of this sort are necessary, for it is impossible to foretell the exact nature of the difficulties which will confront the pot-holer.

name:confront
usage:Precautions of this sort are necessary, for it is impossible to foretell the exact nature of the difficulties which will confront the pot-holer.

name:flaw
usage:This immense chasm has been formed by an underground stream which has tunneled a course through a flaw in the rocks.

name:plateau
usage:The entrance to the cave is on a plateau in the Dauphine Alps.

name:distinguished
usage:The cave might never have been discovered has not the entrance been spotted by the distinguished French pot-holer, Berger.

name:corridor
usage:they climbed down the steep sides of the cave until they came to narrow corridor.

name:shallow
usage:They had to edge their way along this, sometimes wading across shallow streams, or swimming across deep pools.

name:rubble
usage:At the far end of the lake, they came to huge piles of rubble which had been washed up by the water. 

name:insistent
meaning_zh:adj. 坚持的；迫切的；显著的；引人注目的；紧急的
usage:In this part of the cave, they could hear an insistent booming sound which they found was caused by a small waterspout shooting down into a pool from the roof of the cave.

name:waterspout
meaning_zh:n. 水柱
usage:In this part of the cave, they could hear an insistent booming sound which they found was caused by a small waterspout shooting down into a pool from the roof of the cave.
related:spout

name:cleft
usage:Squeezing through a cleft in the rocks, the pot-holers arrived at an enormous cavern, the size of a huge concert hall.

name:stalagmite
meaning_zh:n. 石笋
usage:they saw great stalagmites -- some of them over forty feet high -- rising up like tree-trunks to meet the stalactites suspended from the roof.

name:stalactite
meaning_zh:n. 钟乳石
usage:they saw great stalagmites -- some of them over forty feet high -- rising up like tree-trunks to meet the stalactites suspended from the roof.

name:limestone
meaning_zh:n. 石灰石
usage: Round about, piles of limestone glistened in all the colours of the rainbow.

name:dome
meaning_zh:n. 穹窿，圆顶
usage:In the eerie silence of the cavern, the only sound that could be heard was made by water which dripped continuously from the high dome above them.

from: 新概念英语第三册lesson 43 Fully insured
name:enormous
usage:It had been purchased by a local authority so that an enormous pie could be baked for an annual fair.

name:capsize
usage:Dancing proved to be more than the dish could bear, for during the party it capsized and sank in seven feet of water.

name:salvage
usage:The pie committee telephoned a local garage owner who arrived in a recovery truck to salvage the pie dish.

name:haul
usage:They had little difficulty in finding it, but hauling it out of the water proved to be a serious problem.

name:hawser
usage:The sides of the dish were so smooth that it was almost impossible to attach hawsers and chains to the rim without damaging it.

name:winch
usage: Eventually chains were fixed to one end of the dish and a powerful winch was put into operation

name:agonize
usage: For one agonizing moment, the dish was perched precariously on the bank of the canal, but it suddenly overbalanced and slid back into the water. 

name:precariously
usage: For one agonizing moment, the dish was perched precariously on the bank of the canal, but it suddenly overbalanced and slid back into the water. 

name:clamp
usage:This time they fixed heavy metal clamps to both sides of the dish so that they could fasten the chains.

name:torrent
meaning_zh:n. 激流，洪流
usage:Water streamed in torrents over its sides with such force that it set up a huge wave in the canal.

from:新概念英语第三册lesson 44 Speed and comfort
name:cramp
usage: Train compartments soon get cramped and stuffy.

name:monotonous, lull
usage:Reading is only a partial solution, for the monotonous rhythm of the wheels clicking on the rails soon lulls you to sleep. 

name:fumble
usage: If you are lucky enough to get a sleeper, you spend half the night staring at the small blue light in the ceiling, or fumbling to find you ticket for inspection. 

name:inevitably
usage:Inevitably you arrive at your destination almost exhausted.

name:hardened
usage:Aeroplanes have the reputation of being dangerous and even hardened travellers are intimidated by them. 

name:exhilarating
usage:But nothing can match them for speed and comfort. Travelling at a height of 30,000 feet, far above the clouds, and at over 500 miles an hour is an exhilarating experience. 

name:devise
usage:You do not have to devise ways of taking your mind off the journey, for an aeroplane gets you to your destination rapidly. 

name:sip
usage:The real escapist can watch a film and sip champagne on some services. 

name:uncrumpled
usage:you will arrive at your destination fresh and uncrumpled. 

from:新概念英语第三册lesson 45 The power of the press 
name:condemn
usage:In democratic countries any efforts to restrict the freedom of the press are rightly condemned.

name:contention
usage: Acting on the contention that facts are sacred, reporters can cause untold suffering to individuals by publishing details about their private lives. 

name:overthrow
usage: Newspapers exert such tremendous influence that they can not only bring about major changes to the lives of ordinary people but can even overthrow a government.

name:perpetual
usage: As the parents had five children, life was a perpetual struggle against poverty.

name:obscurity
usage:They would have continued to struggle against economic odds and would have lived in obscurity.

name:quintuplet
meaning_zh: n. 五胞胎之一
usage:But they suddenly became the parents of quintuplets, an aeroplane arrived in Aberdeen bringing sixty reporters and photographers.

name:nursery
usage:While the five babies were babies were still quietly sleeping in oxygen tents in hospital nursery, their parents were paying the price for fame.

name:commodity
usage:Instead of being five new family members, these children had immediately become a commodity.

from:新概念英语第三册Lesson 46:Do it yourself 自己动手
name:plead
usage:No one can plead ignorance of a subject any longer, for these are countless do-it-yourself publications. 

name:embark
usage:Armed with the right tools and materials, newlyweds gaily embark on the task of decorating their own homes.

name:enthusiast
usage:Some really keen enthusiasts go so far as to build their own computers.

name:cater
usage:Shops cater for the do-it-yourself craze not only by running special advisory services for novices,

name:assemble
usage:Shops cater for the do-it-yourself craze not only by running special advisory services for novices, but by offering consumers bits and pieces which they can assemble at home.

name:pent
usage:Such things provide an excellent outlet for pent up creative energy, but unfortunately not all of us are born handymen.
phrase:pent up

name:delusion
usage:The worst thing about the do-it-yourself game is that sometimes even men live under the delusion that they can do anything,

name:screw
usage:As far as I could see, it needed only a minor adjustment: a turn of a screw here, a little tightening up there, a drop of oil and it would be as good as new

name:dismantle
usage:The mower firmly refused to mow, so I decided to dismantle it.

name:snap
usage:One of links in the chain that drives the wheels had snapped.

name:insurmountable
usage:After buying a new chain I was faced with the insurmountable task of putting the confusing jigsaw puzzle together again. 

name:despair
usage: I gave up in despair. The weeks passed and the grass grew.

name:clog
usage:When lights fuse, furniture gets rickety, pipes get clogged, or vacuum cleaners fail to operate, some woman assume that their husbands will somehow put things right.

from:新概念英语第三册Lesson 47 Too high a price
name:sheer
usage:We keep trying all four methods, but he sheer volume of rubbish we produce worldwide threatens to overwhelm us.

name:pesticide
usage:The use of pesticides and fertilizers produces cheap grain and vegetables. The price we pay for cheap food may be already too high:

name:salmonella
usage:The price we pay for cheap food may be already too high: Mad Cow Disease (BSE) in cattle, salmonella in chicken and eggs, and listeria in dairy products.

from:新概念英语第三册Lesson 48 The silent village
name:hospitable
usage:We always assume that villagers in remote places are friendly and hospitable.

name:hostile
usage:But people who are cut off not only from foreign tourists, but even from their own countrymen can be hostile to travellers.

name:abruptly
usage:We expected the path to end abruptly, but we found that it traced its way through the trees. 

name:dilapidated
usage: Sitting down on a dilapidated wooden fence near the field, we opened a couple of tins of sardines and had a picnic lunch

name:frescoe
usage:These attracted many visitors, for they were not only of great architectural interest, but contained a large number of beautifully preserved frescoes as well.

name:tramp
usage: We tramped through the wood for over two hours until we arrived at a deep stream. 

name:moor
usage:Suddenly my wife spotted a boat moored to the bank. In it there was a boatman fast asleep. 

name:peer
usage: Old women in black shawls peered at us from doorways. 

name:straggle
usage:The place consisted of a straggling unmade road which was lined on either side by small houses.








