from:新概念英语第三册lesson 50 New Year resolutions 新年的决心
name:monotonous, recur
usage:The same old favorites recur year in year out with monotonous regularity

name:resolve
usage:We resolve to get up earlier each morning, eat less, find more time to play with the children, do a thousand and one jobs about the house, be nice to people we don't' like, drive carefully, and take the dog for a walk every day.

name:inveterate, frustration
usage:If we remain inveterate smokers, it is only because we have so often experienced the frustration that results from failure.

name:ambitious
usage:Most of us fail in our efforts at self-improvement because our schemes are too ambitious and we never have time to carry them out.

name:pitfall
meaning_zh: n. 意外的困难，易犯的错误
usage: Aware of these pitfalls, this year I attempted to keep my resolutions to myself.

name:assiduously
meaning_zh: adv. 刻苦地
usage:An all-night party on New Year's Eve provided me with a good excuse for not carrying out either of these new resolutions on the first day of the year, but on the second, I applied myself assiduously to the task.

name:propose
usage:The daily exercises lasted only eleven minutes and I proposed to do them early in the morning before anyone had got up.
related:plan

name:troop
usage: The next morning the whole family trooped in to watch the performance.

name:unsettling, fend, taunt, jibe
usage:That was really unsettling, but I fended off the taunts and jibes of the family good-humouredly and soon everybody got used to the idea.
phrase:fend off

name:enthusiasm, wane, diminish
usage:However, my enthusiasm waned. The time I spent at exercises gradually diminished. Little by little the eleven minutes fell to zero.

name:hypnotize, glue
usage:Resisting the hypnotizing effect of television, I sat in my room for a few evenings with my eyes glued to book.

name:entitle
usage: In fact, I have just bought a book entitled How to Read a Thousand Words a Minute.

from:新概念英语第三册 Lesson 51:Predicting the future
name:notoriously
usage:Predicting the future is notoriously difficult.

name:dismiss
usage:Bagrit dismissed the idea that computers would learn to 'think' for themselves and would 'rule the world', which people liked to believe in those days.

name:diagnose, clerical
usage:Bagrit foresaw a time when computers would be small enough to hold in the hand, when they would be capable of providing information about traffic jams and suggesting alternative routes, when they would be used in hospitals to help doctors to diagnose illnesses, when they would relieve office workers and accountants of dull, repetitive clerical work.

from:新概念英语第三册 Lesson 52: Mud is mud
name:permanent
usage:My cousin, Harry, keeps a large curiously-shaped bottle on permanent display in his study.

name:rub
usage:If you expressed doubt or surprise, he would immediately invite you to smell it and then to rub some into your skin.

name:dispel
usage:This brief experiment would dispel any further doubts you might have.

name:outlandish
usage:The bottle really does contain perfumed mud. How Harry came into the possession of this outlandish stuff makes an interesting story which he is fond of relating.

name:acquisition
usage:Furthermore, the acquisition of this bottle cured him of a bad habit he had been developing for years.

name:fanciful
usage:He would invent fanciful names on the spot. On entering a shop, he would ask for a new perfume called 'Scented Shadow' or for 'insoluble bath cubes'.

name:pretend
usage:If a shop assistant told him she had not heard of it, he would pretend to be considerably put out.
phrase:put out

name:prompt
usage:Harry does not need to be prompted to explain how he bought his precious bottle of mud.

name:syllable
usage:the shop assistant looked puzzled and Harry repeated the word, slowly stressing each syllable. 

name:freckle
usage:When the woman shook her head in bewilderment, Harry went on to explain that 'myrolite' was a hard, amber-like substance which could be used to remove freckles. 

name:intoxicate
usage:Intoxicated by his success, Harry then asked for perfumed mud. He expected the assistant to look at him in blank astonishment. However, it was his turn to be surprised,

name:discreetly, hasty, retreat, clutch
usage:He picked up what seemed to be the smallest bottle and discreetly asked the price. He was glad to get away with a mere twenty pounds and he beat a hasty retreat, clutching the precious bottle under his arm. 

name:adorn, cosmetic
usage:The curious bottle, which now adorns the bookcase in his study, was his first and last purchase of rare cosmetics.

name:outrageous
usage:Harry used to consider it a great joke to go into expensive cosmetic shops and make outrageous requests for goods that do not exist. 

name:weird, concoction
usage:She produced all sorts of weird concoctions, but none of them met with Harry's requirements.

from:新概念英语第三册 Lesson 53:In the public interest
name:highhanded, incompetent
usage:Sweden has evolved an excellent system for protecting the individual citizen from highhanded or incompetent public officers.

name:over-zealously
usage:The Swedes were the first to recognize that public official like civil servants, police officers, health inspectors or tax-collectors can make mistakes or act over-zealously in the belief that they are serving the public. 

name:parliamentary, grievance
usage:A parliamentary committee representing all political parties appoints a person who is suitably qualified to investigate private grievances against the State.

name:ombudsman
usage:The Ombudsman is not subject to political pressure. He investigates complaints large and small that come to him from all levels of society.

name:district
usage:The Ombudsman immediately wrote to the Chief of Police in the district asking him to send a record of the case.

name:accusation
usage:There was nothing in the record to show that the foreigner's complaint was justified and the Chief of Police strongly denied the accusation.

name:prejudiced, representative
usage:The fact that the policeman was prejudiced against foreigners could not be recorded in the official files. It was only possible for the Ombudsman to find this out by sending one of his representatives to check the facts.

name:inform, prosecute
usage:The policeman in question was severely reprimanded and was informed that if any further complaints were lodged against him, he would prosecuted.

from:新概念英语第三册 Lesson 54:Instinct or cleverness? 是本能还是机智
name:wage, contaminate, devour
usage:We continually wage war on them, for they contaminate our food, carry diseases, or devour our crops.

name:sting, provocation
usage:They sting or bite without provocation; they fly uninvited into our rooms on summer nights, or beat against our lighted windows.

name:wasp, moth
usage:We live in dread not only of unpleasant insects like spiders or wasps, but of quite harmless one like moths.

name:industrious, revulsion, horde
usage: Knowing that the industrious ant lives in a highly organized society does nothing to prevent us from being filled with revulsion when we find hordes of them crawling over a carefully prepared picnic lunch.

name:uncanny
usage:No matter how much we like honey, or how much we have read about the uncanny sense of direction which bees possess, we have a horror of being stung.

name:praying mantis
meaning_zh: n. 螳螂
usage:We enjoy reading about them, especially when we find that, like the praying mantis, they lead perfectly horrible lives.

name:entranced, presence
usage:We enjoy staring at them, entranced as they go about their business, unaware (we hope) of our presence.

name:awe, column, beetle
usage:Who has not stood in awe at the sight of a spider pouncing on a fly, or a column of ants triumphantly bearing home an enormous dead beetle?

name:occasionally, luscious
usage:I am especially proud of it, not only because it has survived several severe winters, but because it occasionally produces luscious peaches

name:wither
usage:During the summer, I noticed tat the leaves of the tree were beginning to wither.

name:Cluster, aphid, colony
usage:Clusters of tiny insects called aphids were to be found on the underside of the leaves. They were visited by a large colony of ants which obtained a sort of honey from them.

name:bind, sticky
usage:I bound the base of the tree with sticky tape, making it impossible for the ants to reach the aphids.
tip:过去式 bound 过去分词 bound 现在分词 binding  

name:scurry, bewilderment
usage:I watched them scurrying around the base of the tree in bewilderment.

name:swarm
usage: I even went out at midnight with a torch and noted with satisfaction (and surprise) that the ants were still swarming around the sticky tape without being able to do anything about it. 

name:ingenuity
usage:I realized sadly that I had been completely defeated by their ingenuity. 

from:新概念英语第三册 第55课:From the earth:Greetings
name:blot
meaning_zh: v. 遮暗
usage:Once we detected a planet, we would have to find a way of blotting out the light from its star, so that we would be able to 'see' the planet properly and analyze its atmosphere.

name:bacteria
usage: If we were able to discover lowly forms of life like bacteria on another planet, it would completely change our view of ourselves

name:endeavor
usage: Finding life elsewhere would change everything. No human endeavor or thought would be unchanged by it.

from:新概念英语第三册 第56课:Our neighbour,the river 河流，我们的邻居
name:overtake
usage: We know instinctively, just as beekeepers with their bees, that misfortune might overtake us if the important events of our lives were not related to it.

name:predecessor, meadow
usage:sometimes we have our party at the boathouse, which a predecessor of ours at the farm built in the meadow hard by the deepest pool for swimming and diving. 
phrase:hard by

name:crown, holy, wreath
usage:We welcome the seasons by the riverside, crowning the youngest girl with flowers in the spring, holding a summer festival on Midsummer Eve, giving thanks for the harvest in the autumn, and throwing a holy wreath into the current in the winter.

name:stall
usage:All the cattle had been moved into stalls and we stood to lose little.

name:attic, juncture
usage: From an attic window we could get a sweeping view of the river where their land joined ours, and at the most critical juncture we took turns in watching that point.

name:unduly, sound, stoutly, submerged
usage:We realized that they must have become unduly frightened by the rising flood, for their house, which had sound foundations, would have stood stoutly even if it had been almost submerged.

name:boathook, grapple
usage: The men of our family waded down through our flooded meadows with boathooks, in the hope of being able to grapple a corner of the raft and pull it out of the current towards our bank

name:objective, alien
usage: I had expected to be near my objective by now, but everything still seemed alien to me. 

name:tragic
usage:When my mother had died after a tragic accident, he did not quickly recover from the shock and loneliness

name:absorb, grieve
usage:In the new country he became absorbed in making a new life for the two of us, so that he gradually ceased to grieve.

name:comprehensive
usage:I hired a car the day after landing and bought a comprehensive book of maps, which I found most helpful on the cross-country journey, but which I did not think I should need on the last stage. 

name:stumble
usage: I left as if I had stumbled into a nightmare country, as you sometimes do in dreams

name:cottage, spire
usage:I could see no valley, no farms, no cottages and no church spire -- only a lake. I decided that I must have taken a wrong turning somewhere.

name:reservoir
usage:The lake was not a natural one, but a man-made reservoir.

from:新概念英语第三册 第58课:A spot of bother
name:monstrous, negligence
usage:She was thinking that she must reprimand her home help the next morning for such a monstrous piece of negligence, when she remembered that she had gone shopping after the home help had left and she knew that she had turned both keys in their locks,

name:confusion
usage: Looking into the drawing room, she saw a scene of confusion over by her writing desk.

name:impulse, prudent
usage: Her first impulse was to go round all the rooms looking for the thieves, but then she decided that at her age it might be more prudent to have someone with her,

name:composure, intruder, lurk
usage: Then, her composure regained, she was ready to set off with the porter's assistance to search for nay intruders who might still be lurking in her flat.

name:hinder
usage:They went through the rooms, being careful to touch nothing, as they did not want to hinder the police in their search for fingerprints.

name:inconceivable, veritable, magpie, hoard
usage:The chaos was inconceivable. She had lived in the flat for thirty years and was a veritable magpie at hoarding; and it seemed as though everything she possessed had been tossed out and turned over and over.

name:constable, ransack
usage: Then a police inspector arrived with a constable and she told them of her discovery of the ransacked flat. 

name:thereby, burglar, balcony
usage:The inspector began to look for fingerprints, while the constable checked that the front door locks had not been forced, thereby proving that the burglars had either used skeleton keys or entered over the balcony.
phrase:skeleton key

name:fussy, bother
usage:The old lady though the was a fussy creature, but since the porter agreed with him, she rang up her daughter and asked for her help in what she described as a little spot of bother.

from:新概念英语第三册 第21课:Daniel Mendoza
name:marquis
usage:The use of gloves was not introduced until 1860, when the Marquis of Queensberry drew up the first set of rules.

name:eminent
usage:This attracted the attention of Richard Humphries who was then the most eminent boxer in England.

name:quarrel, bitterly
usage:The two men quarrelled bitterly and it was clear that the argument could only be settled by a fight.

name:extravagant
usage: Despite this, he was so extravagant that he was always in debt.

from:新概念英语第三册 第22课:By heart 熟记台词
name:cast, aristocrat
usage:A famous actor in a highly successful play was once cast in the role of an aristocrat who had been imprisoned in the Bastille for twenty years.

name:dim
usage:The light is dim. Read the letter to me

name:promptly, gaoler
usage:And he promptly handed the sheet of paper to the gaoler. 

from:新概念英语第三册 第23课:One man's meat is another man's poison
name:Mediterranean, octopus, delicacy
usage:If you lived in the Mediterranean, for instance, you would consider octopus a great delicacy.

name:abuse
usage:No creature has received more praise and abuse than the common garden snail.

name:stroll
meaning_zh: n. 溜达，散步
usage: I happened to be walking in my garden when I noticed a huge number of snails taking a stroll on some of my prize plants.

name:dismay, possession
usage:To our dismay, we saw that there were snails everywhere: they had escaped from the paper bag and had taken complete possession of the hall!

name:despise
usage:There are countless people who, ever since their early years, have learned to associate snails with food. My friend, Robert, lives in a country where snails are despised.

from:新概念英语第三册 第24课:A skeleton in the cupboard
name:vivid
usage: The English language possesses a vivid saying to describe this sort of situation.

name:heroine
usage:The reader's hair stands on end when he reads in the final pages of the novel that the heroine a dear old lady who had always been so kind to everybody, had, in her youth, poisoned every one of her five husbands.

name:unsympathetic
usage:But George was unsympathetic. 'Oh, that,' he said with a smile as if he were talking about an old friend. 'That's Sebastian.

name:petrify
usage: I opened the cupboard door and then stood in front of it petrified.

name:skeleton, dangle, sway, leap
usage:A skeleton was dangling before my eyes. The sudden movement of the door made it sway slightly and it gave me the impression that it was about to leap out at me.

from:新概念英语第三册 第25课:The Cutty Sark
name:rudder
usage:In August, she was struck by a very heavy storm during which her rudder was torn away. 

name:vessel
meaning_zh: n. 轮船，大木船
usage: Before they were replaced by steamships, sailing vessels like the Cutty Sark were used to carry tea from China and wool from Australia.

name:steer
usage:The Cutty Sark rolled from side to side and it became impossible to steer her.

name:plank
usage: A temporary rudder was made on board from spare planks and it was fitted with great difficulty.

name:Equator
meaning_zh: n. 赤道
usage:After crossing the Equator, the captain called in at a port to have a new rudder fitted, but by now the Thermopylae was over five hundred miles ahead. 

from: 新概念英语第三册 第26课:Wanted:a large biscuit tin 
name:exert, subtle
usage:Much as we may pride ourselves on our good taste, we are no longer free to choose the things we want, for advertising exerts a subtle influence on us

name:anticipate
usage: The manufacturers had to pay more money than they had anticipated, or they bought the biscuit from the student for $24,000.

name:ingredient
usage:It had been baked by a college student who had used over 1,000 pounds of flour, 800 pounds of sugar, 200 pounds of fat, and 400 pounds of various other ingredients.

name:crane, lorry
usage:It was so heavy that a crane had to be used to remove it from the lorry.

from:新概念英语第三册 第27课:Nothing to sell and nothing to buy
name:afflict
usage:He may never be sure where the next meal is coming from, but his is free from the thousands of anxieties which afflict other people. 

name:tramp, contempt, envious
usage:We often speak of tramps with contempt and put them in the same class as beggars, but how many of us can honestly say that we have not felt a little envious of their simple way of life and their freedom from care?
phrase: freedom from care

name:philosopher, priests, spiritual
usage: In the light of this statement, teachers live by selling knowledge, philosophers by selling wisdom and priests by selling spiritual comfort.

name:grudge
usage: There are times when we would willingly give everything we possess to save our lives, yet we might grudge paying a surgeon a high fee for offering us precisely this service.

from:新概念英语第三册 第28课:Five pound too dear
name:wares, liner, harbour
usage:Small boats loaded with wares sped to the great liner as she was entering the harbour.

name:anchor, rug, copper, silverware
usage:Before she had anchored, the men from the boats had climbed on board and the decks were son covered with colourful rugs from Persia, silks from India, copper coffee pots, and beautiful handmade silverware. 

name:disembark
usage:Many of the tourists on board had begun bargaining with the tradesmen, but I decide not to buy anything until I had disembarked.

name:marble
usage: but I could not conceal the fact that I was impressed by the size of the diamonds. Some of them were as big as marbles.

name:genuine, inscribe
usage: It certainly looked genuine. At the base of the
gold cap, the words 'made in the U.S.A.' had been neatly inscribed.

name:gesticulating, outrageous
usage: Gesticulating wildly, the man acted as if he found my offer outrageous, but he eventually reduced the price to 30 pounds

name:shrug, thrust
usage: Shrugging my shoulders, I
began to walk away when, a moment later, he ran after me and thrust the pen
into my hands. 

from:新概念英语第三册 Lesson 29:Funny or not
name:plaster
meaning_zh: n. 熟石膏
usage:On Christmas Day, the man still had his right leg in plaster. 

name:pester
meaning_zh: v. 一再要求，纠缠
usage: From the moment he arrived there, he kept on pestering his doctor to tell him when he would be able to go home.

name:console
usage:The following day, however, the doctor consoled him by telling him that his chances of being able to leave hospital in time for New Year celebrations were good.

name:compensate
usage: To compensate for his unpleasant experiences in hospital, the man drank a little more than was good for him. 

from:新概念英语第三册 第30课:The death of a ghost
name:hay, cowshed, claim
usage:Hay had been cut and cowsheds had been cleaned. A farm worker, who stayed up all night claimed to have seen a figure cutting corn in the moonlight.

name:conscientious
usage:In time, it became an accepted fact the Cox brothers employed a conscientious ghost that did most of their work for them.

name:recluse
usage: All these years, Eric had lived as a recluse. He used to sleep during the day and work at night, quite unaware of the fact that he had become the ghost of Endley.

name:desert, regiment
usage:As he hated army life, he decided to desert his regiment. When he learnt that he would be sent abroad, he returned to the farm and his father hid him until the end of the war.

from:新概念英语第三册 第31课:A lovable eccentric
name:eccentric
usage:True eccentrics never deliberately set out to draw attention to themselves. 

name:invariably, routine
usage:This invariably wins them the love and respect of others, for they add colour to the dull routine of everyday life.

name:shrewd
usage:He was a shrewd and wealthy businessman, but most people in the town hardly knew anything about this side of his life.

name:eccentricity
usage:He was known to us all as Dickie and his eccentricity had become legendary long before he died.

name:bedraggled
usage: He wanted to buy a $300 watch for his wife, but he was in such a bedraggled condition than an assistant refused to serve him. 

name:elaborate
usage:It took him four years to stage this elaborate joke simply to prove that critics do not always know what they are talking about.

name:apologetic, reprimand
usage:Recognizing who the customer was, the manager was most apologetic and reprimanded the assistant severely.

from: 新概念英语第三册 第32课:A lost ship
name:cargo, bullion
usage:The captain knew that another attempt would be made later, for the sunken ship he was trying to find had been carrying a precious cargo of gold bullion.

name:scour
usage:The sea bed was scoured with powerful nets and there was tremendous excitement on board went a chest was raised from the bottom.

name:convoy, torpedo, submarine
usage:The Karen had been sailing in a convoy to Russia when she was torpedoed by an enemy submarine.

from: 新概念英语第三册 第33课:A day t remember
name:prelude
usage:The telephone rings and this marks the prelude to an unforeseen series of catastrophes.

name:crockery
usage:While you are on the phone, the baby pulls the tablecloth off the table, smashing half your best crockery and cutting himself in the process.

name:collide
usage:During the rush hour one evening two cars collided and both drivers began to argue.

name:panic, brake
usage: The woman immediately behind the two cars happened to be a learner. She suddenly got into a panic and stopped her car. This made the driver following her brake hard.

name:stray
usage: Only two stray dogs benefited from all this confusion, for they greedily devoured what was left of the cake. It was just one of those days!

from:新概念英语第三册 第34课:A happy discovery
name:antique
usage:The more expensive kind of antique shop where rare objects are beautifully displayed in glass cases to keep them free from dust is usually a forbidding place.

name:muster, pretentious
usage:But no one has to muster up courage to enter a less pretentious antique shop.
phrase: muster up

name:labyrinth, musty, rarity, assorted
usage:There is always hope that in its labyrinth of musty, dark, disordered rooms a real rarity will be found amongst the piles of assorted junk that little the floors.

name:dedicate
usage:A truly dedicated bargain hunter must have patience, and above all, the ability to recognize the worth of something when he sees it. 

name:bent, cherish, amply
usage:Like a scientist bent on making a discovery, he must cherish the hope that one day he will be amply rewarded.

name:masterpiece
usage:He has often described to me how he picked up a masterpiece for a mere $50. 

name:prise
usage: Frank begged him to do so and the dealer reluctantly prised it open.

name:carve
usage:Apart from an interesting-looking carved dagger, the box was full of crockery, much of it broken. 

from:新概念英语第三册 第1课:A Puma at large 逃遁的美洲狮
name:spot
usage:When reports came into London Zoo that a wild puma had been spotted forty-five miles south of London, they were not taken seriously.

name:oblige
usage:However, as the evidence began to accumulate, experts from the Zoo felt obliged to investigate, for the descriptions given by people who claimed to have seen the puma were extraordinarily similar.

name:trail
meaning_zh: n. 一串，一系列
usage: Wherever it went, it left behind it a trail of dead deer and small animals like rabbits.

name:cling
usage:Paw prints were seen in a number of places and puma fur was found clinging to bushes.

from:新概念英语第三册 Lesson 2:Thirteen equals one
name:vicar, raise
usage:Our vicar is always raising money for one cause or another, but he has never managed to get enough money to have the church clock repaired.

name:torchlight, grocer
usage:In the torchlight, he caught sight of a figure whom he immediately recognized as Bill Wilkins, our local grocer.

from:新概念英语第三册 第3课:An unknown goddess
name:promontory
usage: An American team explored a temple which stands in an ancient city on the promontory of Ayia Irini.

name:drainage, clay
usage: The city was equipped with a drainage system, for a great many clay pipes were found beneath the narrow streets.

name:sacred
usage:In the most sacred room of temple, clay fragments of fifteen statues were found. Each of these represented a goddess and had, at one time, been painted. 

name:archaeologist
usage:When the archaeologists reconstructed the fragments, they were amazed to find that the goddess turned out to be a very modern-looking woman. 

from:新概念英语第三册 Lesson 4:The double life of Alfred Bloggs
name:embarrass
usage:When he got married, Alf was too embarrassed to say anything to his wife about his job.

name:overalls
meaning_zh:n. 工作服
usage:He then changed into overalls and spent the next eight hours as a dustman.

from:新概念英语第三册 Lesson 5:The facts
name:fax
usage:The editor at once sent the journalist a fax instructing him find out the exact number of steps and the height of the wall.

from:新概念英语第三册 第6课:Smash-and-grab
name:admire
meaning_zh: vt. 欣赏
usage:Mr. Taylor, the owner of a jewellery shop was admiring a new display.

name:velvet
meaning_zh: n. 天鹅绒，丝绒
usage:diamond necklaces and rings had been beautifully arranged on a background of black velvet.

name:blare, arcade
usage:The silence was suddenly broken when a large car, with its headlights on and its horn blaring, roared down the arcade. 

name:raid, scramble, fantastic
usage:The raid was all over in three minutes, for the men scrambled back into the car and it moved off at a fantastic speed. 

name:ashtray, vase
usage:Just as it was leaving, Mr. Taylor rushed out and ran after it throwing ashtrays and vases, but it was impossible to stop the thieves.

from:新概念英语第三册 Lesson 7:Mutilated ladies
name:mutilate
usage:Fortunately for them, the Bank of England has a team called Mutilated Ladies which deals with claims from people who fed their money to a machine or to their dog.
phrase: Mutilated Ladies

name:oven
usage:John had very good day and put his wallet containing $3,000 into the microwave oven for safekeeping.

from:新概念英语第三册 第8课:A famous monastery
name:monastery
usage:The famous monastery of St. Bernard, witch was founded in eleventh century, lies about a mile away.

name:enclosure
meaning_zh:n. 围场，圈地
usage:As there are so many people about, the dogs have to be kept in a special enclosure

name:wander
usage:The dogs have greater freedom, too, for they are allowed to wander outside their enclosure.

name:rashly, pass
usage:Despite the new tunnel, there are still a few people who rashly attempt to cross the Pass on foot.

name:Easter
usage:The only regular visitors to the monastery in winter are parties of skiers who go there at Christmas and Easter. 

from:新概念英语第三册 Lesson 9:Flying cats
name:affectionate, submissive
usage:They can be friendly and affectionate towards humans, but they lead mysterious lives of their own as well. They never become submissive like dogs and horses.

name:feline
usage:As a result, humans have learned to respect feline independence. 

name:suspicious
usage:Most cats remain suspicious of humans all their lives. 

name:windowsill
usage: Of course, New York is the ideal place for such an interesting study, because there is no shortage of tall buildings. There are plenty of high-rise windowsills to fall from! 

name:paratrooper
usage:'Cats behave like well-trained paratroopers.' a doctor said.

name:squirrel
usage:They stretch out their legs like flying squirrels. This increases their air-resistance and reduces the shock of impact when they hit the ground.

from:新概念英语第三册 第10课:The loss of the Titanic
name:colossal
usage: Even by modern standards, the 46,000 ton Titanic was a colossal ship.

name:watertight, compartment
usage:At the time, however, she was not only the largest ship that had ever been built, but was regarded as unsinkable, for she had sixteen watertight compartments. Even if two of these were flooded, she would still be able to float.

name:faint
usage:The noise had been so faint that no one thought that the ship had been damaged. 

name:voyage
usage:The tragic sinking of this great liner will always be remembered, for she went down on her first voyage with heavy loss of life.

name:iceberg, lookout
usage:Four days after setting out, while the Titanic was sailing across the icy water of the North Atlantic, huge iceberg was suddenly spotted by a lookout.

name:abandon, plunge
usage:The order to abandon ship was given and hundreds of people plunged into the icy water. As there were not enough lifeboats for everybody, 1,500 lives were lost.

from:新概念英语第三册 第11课:Not guilty
name:hardened, smuggler
usage:Even really honest people are often made to feel guilty. The hardened professional smuggler, on the other hand, is never troubled by such feelings, even if he has five hundred gold watches hidden in his suitcase. 

name:officious
usage:When I returned from abroad recently, a particularly officious young Customs Officer clearly regarded me as a smuggler.

name:exempt
usage:You should have declared that. Perfume is not exempt from import duty.

name:gel
meaning_zh: n. 凝胶
usage:'But it isn't perfume,' I said. 'It's hair gel.' Then I added with a smile, 'It's a strange mixture I make myself.'

name:unscrew, nostril
usage:The officer unscrewed the cap and put the bottle to his nostrils. He was greeted by an unpleasant smell which convinced him that I was telling the truth. 

from:新概念英语第三册 第12课:Life on a desert island
name:wretched, starve
meaning_zh: adj. 可怜的，艰苦的
usage:The other side of the picture is quite the opposite. Life on a desert island is wretched. You either starve to death or live like Robinson Crusoe, Waiting for a boat which never comes. 

name:rubber, dinghy
usage:They quickly loaded a small rubber dinghy with food, matches, and cans of beer and rowed for a few miles across the Caribbean until they arrived at a tiny coral island.

name:spear
usage:As they had brought a spear gun with them, they had plenty to eat. 

name:lobster
usage:They caught lobster and fish every day，and, as one of them put it 'ate like kings'. 

name:tanker, genuinely
usage:When a passing tanker rescued them five days later, both men were genuinely sorry that they had to leave.

from:新概念英语第三册 第13课:It's only me
name:costume, impatient
usage:She intended to dress up as a ghost and as she had made her costume the night before, she was impatient to try it on.

name:sheet
usage: Though the costume consisted only of a sheet, it was very effective.

name:slam
meaning_zh: v. 砰地关上
usage:When Mrs. Richards walked towards him, he fled, slamming the door behind him.

from:新概念英语第三册 第14课:A noble gangster 
name:funeral, valiant
usage:Florentines gave him a state funeral and had a pictured with as dedicated to the memory of 'the most valiant soldier and most notable leader, Signor Giovanni Haukodue.'

from:新概念英语第三册 第15课:Fifty pence worth of trouble
name:rattle, thrifty
usage:If fifty pence pieces are not exchanged for sweets, they rattle for months inside money boxes. Only very thrifty children manage to fill up a money box. 

name:pavement, drain
usage:On his way to the sweet shop, he dropped his fifty pence and it bounced along the pavement and then disappeared down a drain.

name:grease
usage:The fire brigade was called and two fire fighter freed George using a special type of grease.

from:新概念英语第三册 第16课:Mary had a little lamb
name:accuse, lamb
usage:Dimitri immediately went to Aleko's house and angrily accused him of stealing the lamb.

from:新概念英语第三册 第17课:The longest suspension bridge in the world
name:agreeable
usage: He described it as 'a very agreeable situation located within two small hills in the midst of which flowed a great river.' 

name:elegant
usage:Despite its immensity, it is both simple and elegant, fulfilling its designer's dream to create 'an enormous object drawn as faintly as possible'.

name:cable
meaning_zh: n. 缆索
usage:They support the cables from which the bridge has been suspended. Each of the four cables contains 26,108 lengths of wire.

name:estimate
usage:It has been estimated that if the bridge were packed with cars, it would still only be carrying a third of its total capacity.

from:新概念英语第三册 第18课:Electric currents in modern art
name:sculpture
usage:Modern sculpture rarely surprises us any more.

name:gallery, exhibit
usage: The first thing I saw when I entered the art gallery was a notice which said: 'Do not touch the exhibits. Some of them are dangerous!'

name:oddly, gust
usage:Oddly shaped forms that are suspended form the ceiling and move in response to a gust of wind are quite familiar to everybody.

name:magnetize, repel
usage:The spheres had been magnetized and attracted or repelled each other all the time. 

name:flicker
usage:These lights flickered continuously like traffic lights which have gone mad. 

name:spark
usage:Sparks were emitted from small black boxes and red lamps flashed on and off angrily.

from:新概念英语第三册 第19课:A very dear cat
name:Kidnapper
usage:Kidnappers are rarely interested in animals, but they recently took considerable interest in Mrs. Eleanor Ramsay's cat.

name:anonymous
usage:There days after Rastus' disappearance, Mrs. Ramsay received an anonymous letter.
related:incognito

name:ransom
usage:The writer stated that Rastus was in safe hands and would be returned immediately if Mrs. Ramsay paid a ransom of $1,000. Mrs

name:astound
usage:The police were astounded when Mrs. Ramsay told them what she had done. 

from:新概念英语第三册 第20课:Pioneer pilots
name:overland
usage:A week before, he had completed a successful overland flight during which he covered twenty-six miles.




















































